[Doc Feature][Meeting AI Insights API][4439906] (#12758)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

**2025 May**

> * ***May 15, 2025***: [Use Meeting AI Insights API to fetch conversation summaries, action items, and @mention utterances directly from Teams meetings.](graph-api/meeting-transcripts/meeting-insights.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***May 15, 2025***: [Use Meeting AI Insights API to fetch conversation summaries, action items, and mentions directly from Teams meetings.](graph-api/meeting-transcripts/meeting-insights.md)
```
